Qianqian, he has a micro-marriage period,
What about you and him? I know you have a lot of uses.
For example, solve the problem of karma and money.
We're looking for a better place.
That's fine. I'll let them have a good time,
I steal people's lives.
Okay. Hey, teachers, it’s time to promote them.
Thank you for this,
Tiantian, Suzhou, Xiaojia, Jintou,
Introducing to you, eight easy things to do.
Come on, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you ,thank you,thank you,much
I beg you to give me counterfeit
Your house for daddy
That's good
You beg my father for me, I beg you
You can be a dictator first
But daddy is a dictator
I'm just a house. Wait a minute.
Is this the real reason why you hid your life?
Not because your father is tall
You are not doing it for my own good but
Because of your status
It is necessary to follow this law to clean up your mouth
I know the location I forgot
Can he talk about it?
Let me talk about Sister Fu
If you propose this
meaningless question
I have the answer myself